add-ng-delegate-relnotes-784xx (#694)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/delegate.md

For FirstGen SaaS release notes, see [Harness SaaS Release Notes (FirstGen)](/docs/first-gen/firstgen-release-notes/harness-saa-s-release-notes). For Self-Managed Enterprise Edition, see [Self-Managed Enterprise Edition release notes](/release-notes/self-managed-enterprise-edition).

> ## February 13, 2023, version 784xx

Author: ```suggestion
## February 14, 2023, version 78421
```

### Delegate version 78306

> Harness NextGen release 784xx includes the following changes for Harness Delegate.

Author: ```suggestion
Harness NextGen release 78421 includes the following changes for Harness Delegate.
```

:::note
The repository location of the Helm chart for the NextGen delegate is changing. (DEL-5576)

> The repository is being deprecated. Updates to the chart will not be made to https://app.harness.io/storage/harness-download/delegate-helm-chart/ and will not be available from that location. To ensure retrieval of the most recent Helm chart, update your repository references to https://app.harness.io/storage/harness-download/harness-helm-charts/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The repository at https://app.harness.io/storage/harness-download/delegate-helm-chart/ is being deprecated. The Helm chart in https://app.harness.io/storage/harness-download/delegate-helm-chart/ will no longer be updated and will no longer be available from that location. To ensure retrieval of the most recent Helm chart, update your repository references to https://app.harness.io/storage/harness-download/harness-helm-charts/.
```

:::

> ### New features and enhancements

Reviewer: Revise the headings throughout to match the headings of the other release notes: What's new, Early access, Fixed issues.

Author: Did in the file.

> The repository at https://app.harness.io/storage/harness-download/delegate-helm-chart/ is being deprecated. The Helm chart in https://app.harness.io/storage/harness-download/delegate-helm-chart/ will no longer be updated and will no longer be available from that location. To ensure retrieval of the most recent Helm chart, update your repository references to https://app.harness.io/storage/harness-download/harness-helm-charts/.

Author: ```suggestion
The repository at https://app.harness.io/storage/harness-download/delegate-helm-chart/ is being deprecated. The Helm chart will no longer be available from the repository at   https://app.harness.io/storage/harness-download/delegate-helm-chart/. To ensure retrieval of the most recent Helm chart, update your repository references to https://app.harness.io/storage/harness-download/harness-helm-charts/.
```

> ### New features and enhancements

Author: ```suggestion
### What's new
```

This release introduces the following new features and enhancements:

> - Added the `helm repo update` command to the delegate installer. The command is included in the instructions that apply the delegate manifest. This change reduces the chance of retrieving the wrong file from the repository. (DEL-5540)

Reviewer: Also add this to the overall What's new topic.

Reviewer 2: I did not see this item in the overall what's new file so I copied it over before publishing. @kat-enos, please review and make any corrections that might be necessary. I scanned the what's new file for earlier instances of delegate sections to see whether the title would be "### Delegate version <version>" but I did not see anything I could reproduce. Thanks.

> - Added the `helm repo update` command to the delegate installer. The command is included in the instructions that apply the delegate manifest. This change reduces the chance of retrieving the wrong file from the repository. (DEL-5540)

Reviewer 3: This release introduces command line friendly wizard for delegate installation using Helm Chart, Terraform, Kubernetes manifest or docker.

Author: @pratmit , I need the ticket for these additions or an indication of where the content goes. I assume that the above and below items would go in the **What's new** section. Correct?

Reviewer 3: This should go in the What's new section.

> - Added the `helm repo update` command to the delegate installer. The command is included in the instructions that apply the delegate manifest. This change reduces the chance of retrieving the wrong file from the repository. (DEL-5540)

Reviewer 3: This release introduces a way to copy the delegate token from the delegate tokens page in app.harness.io
